Adding list-context.media-list block (#2)
vtex-apps/store-media: docs/README.md

 }
```

Now, you are able to use all blocks exported by the `store-media` app. Check out the full list below:

| Block name                | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| ------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `media`                   | This block is capable to display a single image or video.                                                                                                                                                                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `media`                   | This block is capable of displaying a single image or video.                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
```

> | `list-context.media-list` | This block allows you to display a list of images and videos in your store with a higher degree of composability, since you can use it along with other `list-context` or `slider-layout` blocks to create a more flexible and customizable image slider. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `list-context.media-list` | This block allows you to display a list of images and videos in your store with a higher degree of composability. You can use it along with other `list-context` or `slider-layout` blocks to create different sliders and layouts. |
```

I would remove the `[...] and customizable image slider` part, since the best part of using this is that you could create sliders (or just plain lists) of anything (images, videos, products...).

Author: You're right! I copied it from the docs on store-image and forgot to change that part hahah

### `media` block

> The `media` block inherits all props from `image` and `video` blocks. It's highly recommended for you to check out the docs for [Image](https://github.com/vtex-apps/store-image) and [Video](https://github.com/vtex-apps/store-video) blocks before using this block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `media` block inherits all props from `image` and `video` blocks. It's highly recommended you check out the docs for [Image](https://github.com/vtex-apps/store-image) and [Video](https://github.com/vtex-apps/store-video) blocks before using this block.
```

}
```

### `list-context.media-list` block

> The `list-context.media-list` block acts just like the `list-context.image-list` and inherits a lot from `image` and `video` blocks, with a few key differences. It's highly recommended for you to check out the docs for [Image](https://github.com/vtex-apps/store-image) and [Video](https://github.com/vtex-apps/store-video) blocks before using this block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `list-context.media-list` block acts just like the `list-context.image-list` block and inherits a lot from `image` and `video` blocks, with a few key differences. It's highly recommended you check out the docs for [Image](https://github.com/vtex-apps/store-image) and [Video](https://github.com/vtex-apps/store-video) blocks before using this block.
```

| Prop name   | Type | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | Default value  |
| ----------- | ---- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------- |
| `height` | `string  | number` | This value is used for the `max-height` CSS property and **is applied to images only**. | `420` |
| `mediaList` | [MediaListElement] | List of `MediaListElement` that represents the media to be added to the list context. | `[]` |

- `MediaListElement` object

> A `MediaListElement` object is almost equal to the props accepted by the `media` component, that is, you can specify the `mediaType` of the asset you're providing and pass the props for `image` and `video` blocks. Read the docs for the `media` block to better understand how that works.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `MediaListElement` object has a very similar shape to the props accepted by the `media` component, that is, you can specify the `mediaType` of the asset you want to display and pass the props for `image` and `video` blocks. Read the docs for the `media` block to better understand how that works.
```

| `image` | `string` | URL to the image to be displayed. | undefined |
| `mobileImage` | `string` | URL to the image to be displayed when the user is using a mobile device. If it's undefined, `image` will be used instead. | undefined |
| `video` | `string` | URL to the video to be displayed. | undefined |
| `mobileVideo` | `string` | URL to the video to be displayed when the user is using a mobile device. If it's undefined, `video` will be used instead. | undefined |

**Usage Example**:

```json
"list-context.media-list#demo": {
  "children": ["slider-layout#demo-media"],
  "props": {
    "height": 720,
    "mediaList": [
      {
        "image": "https://storecomponents.vteximg.com.br/arquivos/banner-principal.png",
        "mobileImage": "https://storecomponents.vteximg.com.br/arquivos/banner-principal-mobile.jpg"
      },
      {
        "video": "https://www.youtube.com/embed/JgkrlaF52WQ"
      },
      {
        "image": "https://storecomponents.vteximg.com.br/arquivos/banner.jpg",
        "mobileImage": "https://storecomponents.vteximg.com.br/arquivos/banner-principal-mobile.jpg"
      }
    ]
  }
},
"slider-layout#demo-media": {
  "props": {

>     "itemsPerPage": {
>       "desktop": 1,
>       "tablet": 1,
>       "phone": 1
>     },

Reviewer 2: Can pass 1 instead of object. Look suggestions
```suggestion
    "itemsPerPage": 1,
```

    "infinite": true,
    "showNavigationArrows": "desktopOnly",
    "blockClass": "carousel"
  }
}
```

## Customization

In order to apply CSS customizations in this and other blocks, follow the instructions given in the recipe on [Using CSS Handles for store customization](https://vtex.io/docs/recipes/style/using-css-handles-for-store-customization).

> Just like they do with props, the all blocks from this app inherits all of `image` and `video` blocks' CSS Handles. You can find them in their respective docs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Just like they do with props, all blocks from this app inherits all of `image` and `video` blocks' CSS Handles. You can find them in their respective docs.
```
